welcome to slash forward
this week we're going to really get
things going with a string of movies
that are hopefully
not too hot for youtube if ever there
was a time you were considering tossing
me even 50 cents this would be it i can
already see the ad limitations incoming
we're kicking things off with a 2013
remake of evil dead
just because it hits so hard let's get
to it
we open in the calm misty woods here an
unfortunate young woman on a nature hike
is abducted by a pair of strange men
they bring her back to her father who
has some sort of
kooky ritual going on he forgives her
for killing her mother and claims to be
attempting to help her by expelling a
demon from her system we then learn the
only method to truly help
is as always a purifying fire then the
demon inside reveals itself
i will rip your soul out daddy
emboldening papa to do his daughter an
unspecified amount of time later we meet
a group of pals congregating outside a
small
cabin possibly hoping to lose themselves
for a few days perhaps
come of age and whatnot we learned
they've been waiting on david who goes
round back to give his sister mia a gift
before they all gather around for mia to
make an
irrevocable promise about getting clean
and then she taints the water supply
with her stash
david lets them all in for a cold turkey
withdrawal weekend rager but they're
immediately sidetracked by the general
condition of the interior which appears
to have been ransacked and
carries the subtle aroma of a demon's
musty ball sack as david gets to
refurbing the cabin possibly hoping to
uncover some shiplap olivia and natalie
confide that they've tried this tactic
before
and mia only lasted six hours they
intend to keep her this time
no matter what and since mia asked david
to look after her he's down for anything
which is good because as the rain rolls
in we find her slowly losing her mind
olivia a registered nurse monitors her
well-being as mia complains of a phantom
decomp smell
no one else knows what she's talking
about but then the dog finds a
significant blood smear covered by a rug
when they open the trap door they're
then introduced to the phantom smell
which really thickens the air in the
cabin it seems to be emanating from the
basement spare bedroom which they find
to be charmingly decorated with the
local fauna a real love letter to the
area
here we also find the burnt posts from
the opening plus a book wrapped in
plastic and barbed wire
later on they prepare a prime roast
dinner perfect for someone who's
nauseated and mia paces around out front
as
eric tries to win a staring contest with
a book ultimately deciding to crack her
open
and give the book its prize for winning
he lets his flesh binding breathe a
little and despite the numerous clear
warning signs he dives in
and unearths that which is hidden he
reads the demonic words out loud and
unleashes an ancient evil which is now
searching the woods for its vessel mia
runs in to discuss a new plan
i'm sorry but i have to get out of here
deciding she feels real good about the
progress they've made and is ready to go
ahead and pack it in
unfortunately this is when she finds out
the plan involves no one leaving so she
distracts them by ruining david's
necklace and as they all work through
their personal devastation
she slips out the bathroom window after
hopping in the car she tears off down
the trail
loses control sideswipes a woman in bed
clothes and wakes up submerged she tries
to exit casually like she didn't just
total someone else's
car and when she looks back to see if
anyone's caught up a figure emerges from
the mud and then she makes mud
in her pants then she runs off and is
chased by a legless entity straight into
a thicket of thistle wood as she
struggles to get free the branches
tighten in on her forcing her to become
a bride
of lucifer she's ushered back into a
room where her ramblings of a woman in
the woods in a dark power are brushed
off as side effects of her withdrawal
they regroup and upon olivia ensuring
everyone that mia's receiving care
commendary with what she would get at a
hospital they opt to stick around and
not believe
anything she says under the assumption
it's a trick to leave meanwhile eric
studies the book of the dead and david
attempts to clean up he finds and
follows a bloody trail outside and finds
their dog in a hollow he pulls the pooch
out to discover her dead
and finds evidence that it weren't no
animal what got at her he goes to
confront mia but she's busy getting a
hot steamer
with no limiter set apparently as they
drive her off for medical treatment eric
begins to notice a pattern laid out by
the book and their passage is ultimately
blocked
but she might actually be okay after
getting her sedated
eric tries to point out their situation
has degraded to completely
boned to quell any disagreement mia then
walks out with a gun
the most permanent way one can ever open
a window
after a brief outburst you are all going
to die tonight
she plays possum so she can evacuate the
moist chunks of her inside straight into
olivia's mouth
liv then rolls her into the cellar which
they secure and then eric suggests that
there may be dark forces at play here
this is pretty much confirmed for olivia
when the book makes a suggestion that
she finds herself compelled to undertake
eric walks in shortly after disappointed
that she let loose on the floor instead
of his face
and then enters the bathroom to hear
some gross squishy noises this is
revealed to be from her absolutely going
to town on the old moneymaker then eric
suffers a minor back injury before
suffering more severe injuries to the
chest and face
then the gang embarrassingly bursts in
on him right after he just finished
splitting her open
in the tool shed they break rule number
one removing the obstruction
with eric basically bleeding out he
figures why not just come clean and tell
them he released an
unrelenting ancient evil upon them
unfortunately natalie re-entered the
house before this was revealed mia plays
to her empathetic side luring her into
the cellar recognizing the danger she
attempts to leave but is dragged back
and rendered unconscious
she wakes up to mia creeping on her so
she wields a box cutter which mia
accepts as a gift splitting her tongue
open and then very presumptuously going
in for a kiss
david rescues natalie and takes
additional steps to secure the cellar
door
eric finds the book indestructible and
from the margin notes you can tell that
a soul-eating demon has been summoned
when she arrives blood will rain down
from hell the methods of purification
for the possessed seem to all involve
killing them and as they sort this out
natalie tries to clean her filthy
rancid wound but it's too late leaving
her only one option
mia watches intently and for her part
she does try to convince her to stop but
likely only because she wants the demon
to take over this far exceeds david's
field dressing capabilities and he's
forced to duct tape her stump
as she relaxes they further explore
purification however dave is still
leaning toward trying to call a doctor
who makes house calls
eric encourages him to take a break as
he prepares to burn this mother down but
he's interrupted at the last moment by
natalie looking to try something she saw
in property brothers
when david goes for the gun he gets
crowbarred fairly severely eric tries to
lay down a distraction but he's part of
the wall now so he
mostly just takes whatever punishment
she dishes out but this does give david
time to get the shotgun the demon then
gives the driver seat back to natalie to
really make david feel bad as she dies
in a state of utter confusion
which is really kind of mean and crummy
david pulls eric out and confirms he's
ready for the final level now
goes back in to fire it up before he can
that tricky basement [ __ ] sings a
selection from zoe's infinite playlist
and it breaks his resolve
he's determined to find another way so
after a macgyver montage he goes in deep
mia gets the drop on him and flings him
about in the brackish water
right as things appear unrecoverable
david is saved by eric who takes
yet another forced penetration of the
torso any remaining doubt of his
official death is removed as david lays
him to rest
face down in the water what a relief
with mia sedated he begins the
ceremonial burial the daemon wakes up to
make one more emotional plea
as mia but david retains his strength
and completes the procedure he then
takes a beat to let the o2 run out and
say a little prayer putting a little jc
into it and then pulls out her lifeless
body
he begins resuscitation efforts keeping
the bag on her head so he's not grossed
out if she snots on him
the battery runs out before she regains
consciousness but he takes solace in the
fact that she's now at peace
as he walks away she comes too standing
for dramatic effect and thanking him for
not leaving her
oh finally we can let her guard down all
he has to do is run in real quick to
acquire the keys to their automobile
and after all that his journey is
concluded by a little poke to the neck
from demon eric he immediately pulls it
out
of course and pleads with me at a run so
when he locks himself in it's not for
nothing
just one more quick warning is coming
and david goes ahead and purifies them
mia grabs her necklace and finds the
prophecy has been fulfilled as the blood
rains down and the soul stealer emerges
forced to run mia ducks into the hollow
but the demon is an adept creeper so mia
pulls herself up into the tool shed
where she preps the chaney for the big
show she has to slide back behind the
shelves because she's not quite ready
yet
and here she contracts a wicked case of
tetanus she does manage to break free
and crawls under the jeep to get things
started
she experiments with what happens after
removing a demon's leg and finds it has
no sense of humor as the jeep is then
overturned pinning her hand determined
now to live mia has to get to the
chainsaw so she undergoes what can
only be described as an extreme
de-gloving and then completes what i
guess
is being counted as a technical
dismemberment because it results in the
demon returning to the loan and the
blood rain letting up
now that it's over it's all good mia
wanders off for help appearing as though
she's not going to die from blood loss
nor be bothered by phantom pains from
her missing hand
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch i'd like to take a moment to give
a huge thanks to my donors memorialized
in the hall of head shots
[Music]
evil dead is a relentless onslaught of
visual trauma there aren't a lot of
films that do the same thing as
effectively so i felt it necessary to
use it here to kick off the final days
leading to the end of october
again even censored i'm not sure it will
pass the ad filters so if you were so
inclined you can make a donation
which would still get you access to an
uncensored extra video that has titties
in it
imagine getting 32 videos in one month
if you enjoyed this video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching